Team UNO

Team Leader: Eric Taylor

Members: Noah Lin Sierra Reed

Work Document of Iteration 1:


Week 1 (Sept.9-15):

Noah had begun creating a sample scene based on mock ups of what i thought the arcade hub would look like. From there we began to develop 
tickets as to what we should do, when we should do it, and who whould do it. Our team was tasked with the concept of this current game
and given Noah and Sierra did not have a strong interest for the game idea, we went ahead with my idea, which is a horizontal scrolling 
space shooter in bain with games like gradius or R-type (as i felt those kinds of games fit an arcade).

From there we were able to determine who was responsible for what work. As i was the main conceptionist of the game, i was tasked with all 
of the general design for the game such as the objects, level plans, visual ideas (not implementations) and the overall design document. 
Noah and Sierra in my place focused their attention toward the arcade hub, such as user ui for charcter selection, arcade cabinet ui, and 
setting ui. 

During this time we consulted with the other teams what we wanted from them (we talked to team 4 about networking players as well as score
preservation, team 2 was given an idea of what to work on (player ship and its upgrades were first priority), and team 3 was given some
visual cues on what kind of models they would be responsible for).

By the end of this week we had finsihed the ui for the character creation, as well as several facets for the subgame (name, character ship
design, upgrades, enemies, obstacles).

Week 2 (Sept. 16-22)

This week was were we encountered our first issue. When Sierra attempted to push her work with the work already completed, issues arouse 
that caused the unity files to not work (sources contradicted one another preventing running of files). This was solved by reaccessing the 
previously working copy of the files from this github and making sure the newly implymented files were compatibile with what was already 
there.

Here we focused our attention on the subgame itself. I was tasked with planning the level progression in the game as well as the bosses and
scoring in the game (this would be finished by wednesdays class, sept 18.) The ui was already envisioned but needed to be tangiable, so Noah
took responsibility and finish them by midweek. Sierra had implemented her setting UI as well. Noah also wrapped up the overarcing design doc
for the whole project (or what could be done so far) as well as the login ui.

I checked in on the other teams progress to see how the other groups were fairing. Team two developed ship behavior and were working on 
enemy types into the weekend, team 3 developed the player character model and begun work on the boss model for the first level, which by
this time was determined the likely limit for what we could do (i planned for 4 levels but that seemed too ambitious and tedious for the 
other groups to do in three weeks so it was not problematic that a lot of what was design never got tangiable form). They had also by this 
time made the Arcade Dream Logo as well as the Xeonic Fleet logo, which we were then able to implement in the game ui. Team four had 
developed the database for storing username/score and for setting up two player in the hub and likely the subgame, but had to wait until
intergration to check for sure(with the other teams specific data/files).

By this week the design document for Xeonic Fleet (the sub game) was finshised and most of the ui was as well.

Week 3 (sept.23-29)

This was the final week of the iteration. this week was ment for wrapping up our work for the iteration and prepare for itergration among 
the four teams. Before that, Noah was working through some errors on his ui code in the arcade hub so it could better reprsent to the player
what game they were going to play (some of the ui was cut off and he had to change it to fit and popup correctly). Wednesday i was tasked
to itergrate from the master file our files into team 2's levels, which was after team 4 fixed metadata inconsistencies in the github. 
I unforgently had issues (directory not found errors) when trying to access the files from github and did not get a solution until friday 
where it was likely from not using the github application which links the files from unity to github (shows status of files in relation 
to branches,commits). During Fridays class, i work with Noah from his laptop to implent the ui into team two's levels as well as the 
plan for implementing the scoring attributes from team two's scripts into our game ui. Noah eventually finsihed the itegration allowing
team three to miplement there models over the weekend as team 4 worked to implemnet two player cabilitlies and overall network for the 
game.

In the end of the iteration, we accomplished all our goals (tickets) that we set out for ourselfs. We still have tickets remaining but 
those tickets are not necassarily for this first iteration but for the game as a whole. 
